An ARM processor is one of a family of CPUs based on the RISC (reduced instruction set computer) architecture developed by Advanced RISC Machines (ARM). ARM makes 32-bit and 64-bit RISC multi-core processors. RISC processors are designed to perform a smaller number oftypes of computer instructions so that they can operate at a higher speed, performing more millions of instructions per second (MIPS). By stripping out unneeded instructions and optimizing pathways, RISC processors provide outstanding performance at a fraction of the power demand of CISC (complex instruction set computing) devices. ARM processors are extensively used in consumer electronic devices such as smartphones, tablets, multimedia players and other mobile CSCI 261: Computer Architecture and Assembly Language devices, such as wearables. Because of their reduced instruction set, they require fewer transistors, which enables a smaller die size for the integrated circuitry (IC). The ARM processor’s smaller size, reduced complexity and lower power consumption makes them suitable for increasingly miniaturized devices. In this assignment, we will use ARM 64-bit architecture assembly programming language. Instead of using real hardware, we will use ARM simulator that comes with ARM Development Studio (DS).
The Fibonacci sequence is one of the most famous formulas in mathematics. Each number in the sequence is the sum of the two numbers that precede it. So, the sequence goes: 0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, and so on. The mathematical equation describing it is Xn+2= Xn+1 + Xn. A mainstay of
high-school and undergraduate classes, it's been called "nature's secret code," and "nature's universal rule." It is said to govern the dimensions of everything from the Great Pyramid at Giza, to the iconic seashell that likely graced the cover of your school math textbook. Fibonacci
sequence can be computed using either dynamic programming or recursive function call. The project will compute Fibonacci sequence using both techniques. 